update info in cross browser testing strategies (#33730)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/cross_browser_testing/testing_strategies/index.md

### Other considerations

You should include accessibility as a grade A testing requirement (we'll cover exactly what you should test in our [Handling common accessibility problems](/en-US/docs/Learn/Tools_and_testing/Cross_browser_testing/Accessibility) article).

> Also, you should be aware of situation-specific needs. For example, if you are creating some kind of company intranet for delivering sales figures to managers, and all the managers have been using Opera Mini, you will probably want to make Opera Mini support a priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you should be aware of situation-specific needs. For example, if your product targets a market where mobile phones are the primary means of accessing the internet, you will probably want to make mobile browser support a priority.
```
